---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "storagegrid_group Data Source - storagegrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches information about a StorageGrid Group.
---

# storagegrid_group (Data Source)

Fetches information about a StorageGrid Group.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_name` (String) The unique name of the group to fetch (e.g., 'group/example').

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) The version of the API.
- `data` (Attributes) The main data object for the StorageGrid Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `status` (String) The status of the API response.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID associated with the group.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the group.
- `federated` (Boolean) Indicates if the group is federated.
- `group_urn` (String) The URN of the group.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the group.
- `management_read_only` (Boolean) Indicates if the group has read-only management access.
- `policies` (Attributes) Contains the policy definitions for the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--policies))
- `unique_name` (String) The unique name of the group.

<a id="nestedatt--data--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.policies`

Read-Only:

- `management` (Attributes) Management policy details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--policies--management))
- `s3` (Attributes) S3 policy details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--policies--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--data--policies--management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.policies.management`

Read-Only:

- `manage_all_containers` (Boolean) Permission to manage all containers.
- `manage_endpoints` (Boolean) Permission to manage endpoints.
- `manage_own_container_objects` (Boolean) Permission to manage objects in own containers.
- `manage_own_s3_credentials` (Boolean) Permission to manage own S3 credentials.
- `root_access` (Boolean) Root access permissions.
- `view_all_containers` (Boolean) Permission to view all containers.


<a id="nestedatt--data--policies--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.policies.s3`

Read-Only:

- `statement` (Attributes List) A list of policy statements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--policies--s3--statement))
- `version` (String) The version of the policy.

<a id="nestedatt--data--policies--s3--statement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.policies.s3.statement`

Read-Only:

- `action` (List of String) A list of actions allowed or denied by the statement.
- `effect` (String) The effect of the statement (e.g., 'Allow' or 'Deny').
- `resource` (List of String) A list of resources to which the statement applies.
