---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "storagegrid_group Resource - storagegrid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a StorageGrid Group.
---

# storagegrid_group (Resource)

Manages a StorageGrid Group.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_name` (String) The unique name for the group (e.g., 'my-new-group'). The 'group/' prefix is added automatically. This cannot be changed after creation.
- `policies` (Attributes) Contains the policy definitions for the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The account ID associated with the group.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the group.
- `federated` (Boolean) Indicates if the group is federated.
- `group_urn` (String) The URN of the group.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) for the group, generated by StorageGrid.
- `management_read_only` (Boolean) Indicates if the group has read-only management access.
- `unique_name` (String) The canonical unique name of the group.

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `s3` (String) The S3 policy for the group, provided as a JSON string. Use the `file()` function to load from a file.

Optional:

- `management` (Attributes) Management policy permissions for the group. If omitted, all permissions default to false. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--management))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.management`

Optional:

- `manage_all_containers` (Boolean) Permission to manage all containers.
- `manage_endpoints` (Boolean) Permission to manage endpoints.
- `manage_own_container_objects` (Boolean) Permission to manage objects in own containers.
- `manage_own_s3_credentials` (Boolean) Permission to manage own S3 credentials.
- `root_access` (Boolean) Grants root access permissions to the group.
- `view_all_containers` (Boolean) Permission to view all containers.
